Handle environments DEV, QA and PROD for various releases and designed instance strategies. 
Use scripting languages like Perl, Bash and configuration management tools like Ansible and Puppet.
Manage onsite OS/ Applications/ Services/ Packages using Puppet
Rewrite many Puppet modules and Ansible Playbooks
Experience in Branching, Merging, Tagging and maintaining the version across the environments using GIT on Linux and Windows platforms.
Maintain Puppet servers and management application that are used to build and deployment of existing Java applications environment.
Exposure with Jenkins installation, configuration and management.
Automate several repetitive tasks like deployments/backups using Bash scripts or automation tools like Ansible.
Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing directory structures and managing containers.
Responsible for Builds and Deployments across multiple environments.
Work on installing of Docker using Docker toolbox. Created Docker images using a Docker file. Worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images, and managing Docker volumes.
Redesign and redeployed the Nagios implementation.
Exposure to several AWS services like EC2, VPC, S3, Load Balancer, Autoscaling configurations etc.
Exposure on installing, configuring Chef-server Enterprise On-Premise/WorkStation/ Bootstrapping the Nodes using Knife.
Exposure to writing recipes and cookbooks and uploaded them to the Chef server.
Experience in installing and configuring Monitor and Nagios monitoring system. 
Experience in deploying Java & service-oriented applications and troubleshooting the build and deploy failures. 
Experience with administrative tasks with CI tools like maintaining configurations and backups and maintain high availability. 
Ability in development and execution of Shell Scripts and Perl Scripts. 
Develop deployment scripts on a lifecycle automation platform for the orchestration, integration and automation of Configuration promotions and software releases.
Establish, document and implement the best practices in the end to end application initiation and deployment processes.
Responsible for setting up database and application synchronization as well as providing support in post-production process
Assign the task of monitoring and maintaining the performance and usage of application and server as well as conduct preventative maintenance of servers
Plan, execute and document deployment projects to deliver software environments (servers, applications and tools) including major configuration changes
Experience on User Group Accounting, ACL, YUM Serve Work,
Knowledge of  FTP Server, HTTP Server with APACHE Authentication, Kick-start,  NFS configure Samba Server.
Should possess excellent troubleshooting, problem solving and analytical skills.
Assign full responsibilities of identifying, researching and specifying the technologies and components of systems.
Ability to quickly master new concepts and a proactive team player.
Level 3 support post Service Production